hello ladies and gentleman was going on
my name is Ari cats and thank you for
joining me for another scary mod today
we have the hobbit loader rings weapon
pack so basically the Hobbit is coming
out think it's in November and it's all
to do with Lord of the Rings if you like
that sort of thing it's more just
definitely for you at the moment the
weapons aren't craftable but they look
pretty cool so you have to get into the
console but my shutter yent but the
first weapon we have bodies are in order
but these are the order in my inventory
is Phillies hunting knife I think
there's and said the quest stands upon
the edge of the knife so is it probably
quotes from The Hobbit but I don't think
I've read all of it was a long time ago
anyway it's got 28 damage for me wave 3
and 2257 and 275 even come on told him
where it's what I sell for was supposed
to sell for anyway here we go so it's
just your basic dagger the point calm
down mate yeah you better move on you
better i've got a phillies hunting life
mate so yeah it's got like leather on
that handle and a very fast attack speed
which will hear me frantically clicking
away the resolution on it could be
better but i have got this on like kind
of medium ray res at the moment but it
could be a little bit clearer so yeah
that's the first one all it has a custom
scabbard I think if we just zoom in
there there we go there's a lovely
scabbard you'll see me pull it out and
it clicks you through my leg a little
bit but that's just a clipping issue so
yeah very nice as the first one a simple
dagger and what is the next one so we're
done with that so ya know that decently
next we have all crist or or Crist I
don't know but it's pretty big but very
thin so it's like razor sharp this one
does look a little bit low res in the
preview box that looks a bit better in
the hand so food for damage weighs 11
and 675 so there we go like to get it
out and you can see they're sort of
detail like words on the side there and
when I block with it you can see that
down the middle there are some sort of
writing awesome I don't know get her way
I have an orc wrist so uh yeah another
was one-handed simple sword
relatively high damage 44 not bad it I
suppose it could be upgraded and stuff
let's just have a look can it be
upgraded could even make them in the
game yet so much what if you could
upgrading yet oh yeah you can so good 76
so he has pretty cool and he has this
big scattered on the side no no no okay
there's a big scabbard on the side and
it fits in quite nicely and it does that
kind of law friendly but all of these
kind of look a bit law friendly but they
are from The Hobbit so are there we go
that's all Chris third one is all more
as and it says the description or is it
look flat I don't know if that's some
sort of Lord Arryn's joke but anyway a
pretty cool worm one handed axe with
some writing on side if I just equip it
and you'll see that go straight to my
belt and that does look pretty badass
you have to admit and I've got it I've
got an axe in my hand I can swing swing
not as fast as a dagger I'm not as fast
as a sword i think but high damage so
yeah very nice very nice one-handed I
like it they just slide it back in there
and it's some rest and the last one
probably the coolest is to which King
Sagar I just really like the way it
looks so it's got 30 damage so it's
probably like really low for like
endgame sort of stuff but it just looks
so pointy so do not know death when you
see it while wearing this or equipping
this people are gonna die because you
can barely see it when you swing because
it's so small and you can barely see it
there but I just think it's pretty cool
let's go get some lavender because we're
badass or what or what don't do that or
what or what fight me fight me anyway so
yeah but that is basically it you can
jul equip like somebody is soaking up an
all Christian a dagger just for fun or
you can have the the witch-king thing
and what I want is the Phillies hunting
like hey can you like the special attack
but both of them when they go cha cha
cha cha cha cha that's pretty cool that
looks kind of Lord of the Rings he's so
like running around it looks awesome
when I run around they go da-da-da-da-da
that's pretty cool
anyway thanks for watching if you
enjoyed this please leave a like because
that's always appreciated God my yes God
might get nervous with his weapons haha
and you know if you let you for your
please subscribe because it helps my
channel grow and I'm going to run away
now peace out
Oh